CPD-183: Added ASG rotation plugin. (#267)
acquia/moonshot: docs/plugins/rotate_asg_instances.md

# Rotate ASG Instances Plugin

## Overview

> The rotate ASG instances plugin rotates the outdated instances in Auto Scaling Group. It compares the launch congiguration and see if any outdated instances are present. It detaches the instances first then shuts down the instance and waits for a new instance to replace the outdated one in ASG then proceed for the next outdated instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The rotate ASG instances plugin rotates the outdated instances in Auto Scaling Groups. It compares the launch configuration and see if any outdated instances are present. It detaches the instances first then shuts down the instance and waits for a new instance to replace the outdated one in ASG then proceeds to the next outdated instance.
```

> After all outdated instances are shutdown successfully. It terminates the outdated instances and reap the volumes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all outdated instances are shutdown successfully, it terminates them and reaps the associated volumes.
```

## Usage and configuration

> The plugin uses ENV['MOONSHOT_SSH_USER'] for logging into the ASG instances to shutdown. If ENV['MOONSHOT_SSH_USER'] is not set it uses ENV['LOGNAME'] for ssh purpose. The value should be the username with which you have the access to the instances. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin uses the ssh username specified in the `MOONSHOT_SSH_USER` or the `LOGNAME` environment variable for logging into the ASG instances to shutdown. The value should be the username with which you have the access to the instances. For example:
```
